# CS-100-ABC-University

For this project, I was trying to make a program to display a list for ABC University as well as information on a specific course. This included deciding on the best data structure to store all the courses information, which I chose a binary search tree. Using this data structure, I can quickly print off all courses in order by coarse number, as well as quickly search for a specific course. Choosing a data structure that best works for what is being designed as well as the data provided is important because if you are working with a large amount of data then searching a list can take a long time, finding an optimum data structure can mean having a much faster program. 
While working on the program for this project, I encountered many roadblocks. There where a few things that I felt I didn’t understand, mostly involving my lack of knowledge in C++, when this happened I looked back at any relevant information provided in the class or I searched forums, like Stack Overflow, for other information I needed. After some looking, I would find a solution and would be back on track.
This project has given me a new look on how data structures work in programming and why they are important to know about. Before this class my knowledge on data structures and the algorithms that went with them where very limited so I avoided using all but the most basic of data structures and ways of searching them. Now I feel confident in more useful data structures like linked lists and binary search trees, that I will be more apt to use them as well as seek out more optimal ways of searching them.
Working on this project has also helped me in designing more readable and maintainable code. Before this project, I was not confident in pseudocode or comment in my code, but it was necessary for this project and made writing the code for the project much easier and similar then it would have been otherwise. I feel much more confident in my comments and pseudocode.
